This was writen by: serban, Marchis Patrick, Sebi, Jurcau Vlad, Laszlo of team Dev Core

1.
Trump and Basescu meet in the White House. Trump is very happy to meet the Romanian president, and he says: "I have heard a lot about you, you are a
very good president, you are doing a great job for your country, and I am very happy to meet you". 

Basescu is very happy to hear this, and he says: 
"Thank you, but you are a horible one" 20
"Did you know Romania is better than USA?" 45
"Wait... why is your hair red?" 75
"Thank you. Do you wanna nuke Iran?" 100

75.
Trump: "It's stained with the blood of my enemies."

Basescu:
"That's badass, i knew i liked you! *daps him up*" 76
"What the fuck is wrong with you? I'm out of here!" 77
45:
Trump is very surprised, and he says: "What? How can you say that? We are the greatest country in the world, 
we have the best economy, we have the best military, and we have the best people. We are the best in everything. 
We are number one". 
Basescu laughs and says: 
"Well, I think you drank whiskey from a pothole, because you are not the best in anything." 50
"You are maximum number one in top 10 loosers." 60

20
Trump's face becomes white and he shout's:
"I'm the best president. I don't know anyone who is a better president than me. 
I know probably one of the most in the globe about how to be a good presidant.
Anyway, you are ugly, who is you're barber?
Basescu answers:
"It was cut in Rosa with a shaorma machine" 21
"What are you talking about, your hair looks like it was 3d printed" 22

22
A small flow of wind entered through the window and proceded to take Trump wig's off.
Basesc started to burst into laughing on the floor, while Trump was rushing to pick up his wig, with a face red as a tomato. 
After a while Basescu stopped laughing and asked. 75

21
Then Trump started laughing
"I like you, you are a funny one mate *then shaked his hand" 45

100.
Trump is very surprised, and he says:
"I am very surprised to hear this, but I am not going to nuke Iran, I am going to nuke North Korea. That small, fat guy needs to learn some lessons..."

Basescu replies:
"Good job, boy. Do you want me to help you?" 125
"Nice, but first bring me some sushi from North Korea" 150



125.
(make this very funny)

Trump is very happy to hear this, and he says:
"Yes, I would like that, I need some help with my hair, I want to look like a romanian president. Can you teach me how to cut my hair like yours?""

Basescu smiles and says:
"Take a chainsaw, turn it on and cut your hair" 21
"Ok, to become bald, you have to learn GitHub first. Then, all things will come naturally" 126
50
Trump starts crying and says:
"Yes you are right, I am not the best in anything, I am a failure."
Basescu says:
"Come on little orange baby, don't be sad. Try to be a big boy, 
have some whiskey with ice and a cigar, and you will feel better." 21




126:
"What the hell is GitHub?? What are you talking about? Is this a russian world? What are you a spy?!!" In Trumps forehead a vein starts to be greener and greener.
"Suka bliet" replies Basescu calmly, and pulls out a Kalasnikov from his pants.
Bullet starts flying... Trump leans back, as a bullet almost hits his head. He reaches for it's pocket for a yellow duck. He squeezes it, making a loud sound.
This was the signal. The CIA agents monitoring the room launch the nuke towards Romania.

That was the day, when Earth lost one of its most curagious nation. What an inspirating story




150.
Trump is very surprised, and he says:
"Wow, I didn't know that North Korea had sushi, I thought they only had Kimchi and stuff. 
But if you say so, I will bring you some sushi from North Korea, I will do anything for you, you are my hero."

Basescu replies:
"Thank you"

Trump continues:
"By the way, don't you have also some sushi in Romania?"

Basescu answers:
"What do you mean?"

Trump:
"I mean, the ones with cabbage..."

Basescu:
"Aaahhh, sarmale, yeah we have those, but they are not sushi, they are sarmale, they are different things."

Trump:
"No, I think they are the same thing"

Basescu:
"You're stupid..."

Trump, angry and more red than his hair:
"WHAAAT? Did you just said 'stupid'?"

Basescu:
"Yes, you're stupid and you also look like a carrot... you deserve it"

Trump, to his vice-president:
"Ok, we better nuke Romania"

*kaboom*
60
Trump gets very angry and says:
"How dare you say that? I am the best president in the world, and you are just a small, insignificant country."
Basescu replies:
"Well, I may be a small country, but at least I am not a joke like you. If I was not born, your country wouldn't 
even exist, because I am the main support of your economy from how much jack I drink every day." 
Trump with a red face says:
"I will stop jack exports to Romania, and I will put a tax on all the jack that you import from us."
Then Basescu points a gun to Trump's head and says:
"Now you get what you deserve: live like a carrot..."
Trump is very scared and says:
"What do you mean? No, please don't do this..."
Basescu shoots Trump in the head, and Trump dies instantly. Then Basescu says:
"Under the ground. No one can stop me now, I am the best drinking president in the world"
END
